docs(*) update network and firewall tutorial with stream proxying (#1204)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/1.1.x/network.md

Kong uses multiple connections for different purposes.

* proxy
* admin api

### Proxy

The proxy ports is where Kong receives its incoming traffic. There are two ports with the following defaults:

* `8000` for proxying HTTP traffic, and
* `8443` for proxying HTTPS traffic

See [proxy_listen] for more details on HTTP/HTTPS proxy listen options. For production environment it is common
to change HTTP and HTTPS listen ports to `80` and `443`.

Kong can also proxy TCP/TLS streams. The stream proxying is disabled by default. See [stream_listen] for

> additional details on stream proxy listen options, and how to enable it (if you plan to proxy other than

Reviewer: ```suggestion
additional details on stream proxy listen options, and how to enable it (if you plan to proxy anything other than
```

HTTP/HTTPS traffic).

In general the proxy ports are the **only ports** that should be made available to your clients.

### Admin API

> This is the port where Kong exposes its management api. Hence in production this port should be firewalled to protect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the port where Kong exposes its management API. Hence in production this port should be firewalled to protect
```

* The upstream Services behind Kong will be available via the [proxy_listen] interface/port values.
  Configure these values according to the access level you wish to grant to the upstream Services.
* If you are binding the Admin API to a public-facing interface (via [admin_listen]), then **protect** it to only
  allow trusted clients to access the Admin API. See also [Securing the Admin API][secure_admin_api].
* Your proxy will need have rules added for any HTTP/HTTPS and TCP/TLS stream listeners that you configure.

>   For example, if you want Kong to manage traffic on port `4242`, your firewall will need to be allow traffic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, if you want Kong to manage traffic on port `4242`, your firewall will need to allow traffic
```

  on said port.

#### Transparent Proxying

> It is worth to mention about `transparent` listen option that you may apply to [proxy_listen]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is worth mentioning that the `transparent` listen option may be applied to [proxy_listen]
```

and [stream_listen] configuration. With packet filtering such as `iptables` (Linux) or `pf` (macOS/BSDs)
or with hardware routers/switches, you can specify pre-routing or redirection rules for TCP packets that
allow you to mangle the original destination address and port. For example a HTTP request with a destination
address of `10.0.0.1`, and a destination port of `80` can be redirected to `127.0.0.1` at port `8000`.

> To make this work, you need (with Linux) to add `transparent` listen option to Kong proxy,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make this work, you need (with Linux) to add the `transparent` listen option to Kong proxy,
```
